REPOSYNC - Repository Sync for Validated Data

This tool allows for synchronization between two repositories...


SYNTAX:

rs command sourceRepository destinationRepository [option] ...


COMMANDS:

    help
        Show this description of commands and options.

    diff
        Show differences bewtween two repository manifests.

    update
        Update dest with anything new in source.  No changes to source.
        For any files in source that aren't in dest, copy them to dest.
        For any files in source and dest, copy any more recently modified
        versions from source to dest, replacing the old versions in dest.
        For any files in dest that were renamed or moved, propagate these
        changes to dest.

    sync
        Update source and dest with anything new from the other side.
        For any files in source that aren't in dest, copy them to dest.
        For any files in dest that aren't in source, copy them to source.
        For any files in source and dest, copy any more recently modified
        versions so that both sides have the most recent version.
        For any files that were renamed or moved, propagate these changes
        to the other side.

    mirror
        Make dest match source, replacing or removing files in dest as
        necessary.  No changes are made to source.

    seed
        Destination manifest is created empty so that a subsequent update
        will bring files into the repository.  TODO: Implement for remote
        repositories.


OPTIONS:

    -silent
        Don't output anything.  Exit code may still be checked by a script.

    -detail
        List the actual files that are different - not just the counts.

    -preview
        Show what would happen but don't change anything.

    -noTimeout
        Try not to timeout with connections to remote repositories.

    -sourceKey
        Specify key for source repository, if it is encrypted.

    -destKey
        Specify key for dest repository, if it is encrypted.

    -cryptSource
        Source repository is encrypted, prompt user to enter hidden key.

    -cryptDest
        Dest repository is encrypted, prompt user to enter hidden key.
